P1) Hi, my name is junyoung. On July 4th, I came to Bengaluru from south Korea and conducted a 4 week project. I’ll make a presentation about the project.

P2) This is medical image sharing process in south korea. The medical images are stored in pacs server and doctor get this image by using pacs clients.

P3) If a patient wants to use this medical image for treatment in a different hospital, he should receive CD and take it with him.

P4) So I think it is more efficient and convenient that store the images to image server and all the hospitals get images from this server.

P5) As you know, in traditional system, many clients send request to server and server get data from Database. And using this data, server send response to client. But the traditional system architectual has some problems. if some data in database be changed by Malicious users, all the clients use modulated data.

P6) Because of these problems, a block chain has been developed. As you can see, all the clients became peers. And all the peers have same ledgers. So if some malicious users change the data, all peers can maintain right data by consensus.

P7) These are the advantages of private blockchain. If some system use private blockchain as storage, it can prevent modulation and prevent unauthorized user’s access.

P8) So, I used blockchain for medical image sharing system.

P9) In my system, images are encrypted and stored in image server, and Metadatas like image’s name, size, modified time and etc.. are stored in blockchain network.

P10) If doctor want to get a patient’s medical image list, he can get patient’s information from patients information DB. And Doctor’s web client program request patient’s medical image list. Next, web server get patient’s medical image’s metadata using the patient’s information. And webserver response patient’s medical image list.

P11) And if doctor want to download patient’s medical image, he enter the key for decryption to web browser, and browser request image to web server. And web server get medical image from image storage, and compare the metadata of image and blockchain. Because the data’s in blockchain network cannot be modified, if the two metadatas are same, It can be assured as unmodified. And also, webserver save download log to image’s metadata. And finally webserver decrypt the medical image and serve this image to user.

P12) This is the overall architecture of the system. I used node.js to develop webserver and mongoDB for database, and hyperledger composer and hyperledger fabric for construct private blockchain network.

P13) let me demonstrate my system.

P14) For one month, I learned these things. However, I think that the project which is carried out with practical advice will be a great help to my life in the future.

P15) Thank you so much for your great help for a month.
